Title: WolfenDOOM: Spear of Destiny v1.0
Date: 30/11/1998
Note: This document is best viewed in DOS Editor (EDIT.COM)

This is the first release of the engine for Spear of Destiny by Laz Rojas. It
is based on the Boom engine by TeamTNT. If you do not already have it, I
recommend you download it by visiting http://www.teamtnt.com. The archive
includes documentation and support utilities which, while not necessary, can
be useful in some cases.

Here is the list of features:

- SOD.WAD and SOD.DEH are loaded automatically
- New startup and end screens (minor change, nothing major)
- Old title music restored
- Reads unique savegame and configuration files
- Original Spear of Destiny par times restored
- Old Spear of Destiny and Wolfenstein music included. I know, it is the same
  as the stuff in the Original and Nocturnal Missions, but it is all I could
  find
- 320x200 end screen replaces tiled flat and overlaid text
- Secret exits restructured to match the original game
- No doubt a couple other things I forgot :)

Known Problems
--------------
James Haley of Team Eternity has told me that for some reason the new 320x200
intermissions cause the game to crash under Windows 98, and Laz says that it
crashes his machine too (a Mac running Virtual PC). It runs fine for me (I use
Windows 95) and I have not heard any other complaints, so I am assuming the
problem is unique to those systems.

The function in question calls upon an everyday Doom routine that is used
every other time a 320x200 graphic is drawn in Doom. So why it would happen
just this time is completely beyond me. If I ever figure out why it is, I
will update the EXE once more.

This game is, as it was from the start, single-player only. Several people
have mailed me asking how to play it in multi-player mode, but the fact is it
can not be done. Laz did not put the start points in, and we do not have any
player graphics. Hopefully, I will fix this problem with Wolfenstein: The
Resurrection.

As always, questions, comments and bug reports are welcome at Joel@ts.co.nz

Enjoy!
Joel D. Murdoch
